look at that poor Toby just sitting
there all squished in with the other
boxes yeah so I grabbed that dump and
push it over where it's supposed to go
get it open up go through all the cases
and yeah I found three treasure hunts
but before I get to that real quick
Toys'R'Us getting new matchbox I'll just
give a quick peek right here Porsche 911
I know some of you guys already found
this stuff but I haven't been able to
find it a utility tanker this is pretty
cool
matchbox Adventure City you got your
cadillac cts wagon kind of a just a nice
regular color on there and boulevard my
daughter loves the fantastic so i picked
this one up for her well get one for
myself a little bit i like that model
but he was back to the walmart dumping
Walmart's are getting dumped its for
christmas i guess the larger stores but
maybe even some of the smaller stores
because they're putting them or to put
them all over the store not all over but
you could find them in any place in the
store they might not necessarily be in
the toys so you if you have not been
able to get your Toyota ae86 Corolla or
your skyline now is your chance let's
see oh yeah all C cases in the dump and
I found all C cases and one H case each
case had a basic treasure new 52 Chevy
2012 old case that's alright I'll mail
very nice that was the only basic
treasure hunt in all of the cases what
they see seven cases eight cases and
forget I'm just trying to do this video
real quick for you guys so I didn't pick
up that many C cases because I got C
cases my C case is probably coming
pretty soon so here's the supers and I'm
just showing them like this for a reason
because I get people asking me Who am I
supposed to know Treasure Island how am
I supposed to know the super you need to
watch my 2013 video 2013 treasure
hunt information it explains what you're
supposed to look at okay you're supposed
to be able to know when you see a super
treasure hunt what is a super treasure
hunt and what is not in that video I
give the explanation as to what makes a
super treasure hunt and what does not
I can't answer everybody individually
that's why I make one video and then I
tell you guys to watch that video now if
you watch the video and then you don't
understand anything
honestly you know I'll try to help you
out but you gotta watch the video first
and then ask me some educated questions
and then I'll try to help you out
same car reaching that other one right
same car Musclemania Ford same car 73
for Falcon xB but there's a difference
so you need to know what you're looking
for when you're looking for super
treasure hunts now I can't tell
everybody one at a time I got things to
do I got family or kids I got to make
videos I got job so please 2013 soup
treasure hunt information just search
YouTube for race cruise 2013 treasure
hunt information and that's how you'll
know what's a super treasure what's the
basic treasure hunt for 2013 in the
meantime Walmart's hit them up
bye bye